Update the official terragrunt installation docs (#1241)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/01_getting-started/install.md

## Install Terragrunt

### Download from releases page

1. Go to the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).
2. Downloading the binary for your operating system: e.g., if you're on a Mac, download `terragrunt_darwin_amd64`; if you're on Windows, download `terragrunt_windows_amd64.exe`, etc.
3. Rename the downloaded file to `terragrunt`.
4. Add execute permissions to the binary. E.g., On Linux and Mac: `chmod u+x terragrunt`.
5. Put the binary somewhere on your `PATH`. E.g., On Linux and Mac: `mv terragrunt /usr/local/bin/terragrunt`.

### Install via a package manager

Note that all the different package managers are third party.The third party Terragrunt packages may not be updated with the latest version, but are often close. Please check your version against the latest available on the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).

> The recommended installation option is via the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you  want the latest version, the recommended installation option is to [download from the releases page](#download-from-releases-page).
```

* **Windows**: You can install Terragrunt on Windows using [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/): `choco install terragrunt`.

* **macOS**: You can install Terragrunt on macOS using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install terragrunt`.

> * **Linux**: There are multiple ways to install Terragrunt on Linux depending on your distribution.

Reviewer: Let's just have one Linux entry:

```suggestion
* **Linux**: Most Linux users can use [Homebrew](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux): `brew install terragrunt`. Arch Linux users can either use the pre-built binaries from [`aur/terragrunt-bin`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/terragrunt-bin) or build Terragrunt from source from [`aur/terragrunt`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/terragrunt).
```

## Install Terragrunt

### Download from releases page

> You can install Terragrunt manually by going to the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases), downloading the binary for your OS, renaming it to `terragrunt`, and adding it to your PATH.
> 

Reviewer: Just realized these steps are missing useful details! Here's a slightly better, updated version:

```suggestion
1. Go to the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).
1. Downloading the binary for your operating system: e.g., if you're on a Mac, download `terragrunt_darwin_amd64`; if you're on Windows, download `terragrunt_windows_amd64.exe`, etc.
1. Rename the downloaded file to `terragrunt`.
1. Add execute permissions to the binary. E.g., On Linux and Mac: `chmod u+x terragrunt`.
1. Put the binary somewhere on your `PATH`. E.g., On Linux and Mac: `mv terragrunt /usr/local/bin/terragrunt`.
```

Author: I have added the missing details.

Note that all the different package managers are third party.The third party Terragrunt packages may not be updated with the latest version, but are often close. Please check your version against the latest available on the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).

> The recommended installation option is via the [Releases Page](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases).

Reviewer: It would be easy to miss this in its current location. How about reformatting as follows:

```md
### Download from the releases page 

(content you have now)

### Install via a package manager

(disclaimer you have above)

* **Windows**: (instructions for Windows)

* **macOS**: (instructions for Mac)

(etc)
```

Author: I have the changes.
